Untitled - October 30, 2025

00:00:00 Speaker: Recording through my iPhone. And I'm doing this screen recording. Okay. Yeah. Perfect. Perfect. So, so the point number one is that agent one is going to play the role, but there'll be no weightage in the final score because providing a correct identity is just an initial qualification to be interviewed, not a weightage or or it should not impact the final score. You know, that's a fundamental of of of the weightage allocation in interview. That's what we're trying to do here. So we'll remove the weightage to it to do the job. I think when uh, if the identity is not verified and student is able to still provide satisfactory answers and clear the interview, what will happen in that case is we'll be able to bring a human in the loop into the CRM, wherein they have to manually validate the ID, ask for another ID or whatever needs to be done. So the response of the AI agent would be you have successfully cleared your interview if the content was okay. Uh, however, we fail to, uh, verify your identity. So somebody will get in touch with you or, you know, or, you know, please, you know, within the next forty eight hours or twenty four hours, whatever the that we want to keep. Now in the evaluation of identity, what we want to keep, keep the focus on is the the name on the ID and the name of the student. Okay. Okay. We will not match the ID picture with the profile picture. What we will match is the profile picture with the person who's giving the interview. Okay, we match these two. The reason why the government ID pictures are very hard to validate. You know, it's a the failure rate is very, very high. So we anyways in the initial phase we'll try and sort of evaluate the accuracy levels and find out a way. How do we red flag the ones that we need to manually validate. So we'll figure that out you know over a period of time. But for now we will only match the profile picture with the, the picture of of the student who's giving the interview at that point in time. Okay. Okay. So so so that's the waiting. So basically the one hundred percent waiting sits into the seventy percent sits under the name Max and thirty percent on the order fifty fifty is also okay. Okay. Between the name uh, plus fifty percent. What just happened? Did I do something? It all disappeared. No. I'm able to see your screen. No, but the the what I wrote has disappeared. No. Ah. Okay. Controls. I'm on iPad. I don't know, controls. Okay. Which is very interesting. So. Okay. Very interesting. Uh, okay. But you got it covered in your, in your. So I'll just quickly write it again here. Uh, so not allowing uh separate. Okay. So. Why is it doing? Okay. Fifty percent to the face on video. Matched with file. Okay. Okay. The other is that I don't know what's happening. What am I pressing? Which is removing this. Okay. Anyways, you have a screen recording. Yes, fifty percent goes to the, uh, face matching the face and fifty percent to the name matching. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, now, I don't need any red flags in this case. Uh uh, basically, it's a simple pass or fail. Uh, there's no accuracy in the in the sense of the name has to match accurately. The only thing could be sometimes the OCR reader. Uh, you know, I don't know if those readers are very, you know, again, it's a it's an old technology. They're very accurate in the sense of extracting the name. Uh, the chances of error are very, very, you know, very bleak. So I don't think this should be a problem. There's an inaccuracy. It's an inaccuracy. So there is like sometimes you say, you know, if it's if it's Ayush spelled with a Y. You okay? Yes. The name is okay. Uh, I think we can we can go with almost, like, ninety percent accuracy in the name. Okay. Uh, we can we can approve that. That's the one you think? Uh, video quality assessment again. There is no weightage to it. It doesn't really make any sense to give weightage to the video quality assessment. Okay. Now it's a it's something that it's up to us. It's a it's a tool not a, not a not a criteria for selection okay. So so what we want is this is okay. What instead of this if I can ask agent number two to do a photo photograph which is pre interview like before you start we ask them to actually click a picture using the to check the quality of camera okay okay. Or if you think no I rather would do like a like a short video of of three seconds where they have to say something. You write a word, can you hear me. So and I can evaluate if I'm if the quality is okay and I'll be able to transcribe it, there is no problem. So either I do a photograph for quality or do like a check of camera plus microphone. It's up to me. Uh, I think the idea is that I want to see them clearly. So we can probably can just only do the camera verification. Also, it's totally up to us how we want to look at it. Okay, but but that's not really a weightage for qualification but a tool validation in the sense whether or not I can evaluate that video. So that's a decision you can take. So there's no really a resolution score. Uh, it doesn't really matter. Uh, to me, I think I will just validate if it's good enough for me to eventually transcribe. Because what's my ultimate, ultimate goal? Ultimate goal is to be able to transcribe clearly. Right. And plus match the photo. With with the profile. Right. Right. These are the only two goals. So if I take a picture and do a microphone testing that allows me to to sort of understand if that's the quality is okay, should I go ahead and take the interview or not, rather than evaluating them on that basis? Does that make sense? Yes yes yes. Okay. So. So again, no weightage for transcription because that's a tool again. Uh, but that's what we need to do. Uh, so there is no real requirement metric here like basic words are. Those are those are the weightage given in the uh, eventually in the final evaluator, which is your agent number five, who does the the quality of confidence and check. I think this goes into the agent five, basically. Okay. Uh, evaluation. Now content evaluation is the important element. So what I'm saying is, you know, the, uh, you know, a seventy over thirty divide or a sixty forty divide wherein seventy percent weightage goes to the content and thirty percent goes to the, uh, level of confidence. So the which this is agent four and your agent five is doing this. So between agent four and five, the entire weightage has to be divided in this. And I don't need, uh, you know, other because this is duplication. Okay. If I'm checking if I'm checking the sentiment and clarity, uh, separately as a as a sixty percent of the forty percent, then it doesn't make sense. Which means the only thing I'm looking at is that. Is it confidence? I don't care about content at all, because sixty percent of the forty percent is also this. And the remaining of. That's why we are failing all the test. Because the weights are weights are not not correct. Okay. Uh, also the other problem is depending on question number one, for example, here I have I want to know name of the university degree. Did they pass. Did they fail. And but I'm not telling them what to include okay. Good question. What is the motivation of. My sound suddenly went very. Can you hear me. Yes yes yes. So so I'm saying, uh, suddenly what has happened is because I have a very hard wired, uh, command to, uh, to an agent in the sense how what you need to look at in order to evaluate, which is not in the case of a human. Human would look at and get a gut feeling after interviewing somebody, do a follow up question. Uh, but agent can't do that right now, and we probably will build Dynamic Agent eventually. Not in the MVP stage, but eventually we may do counter agent also. But I think at this point in time, since we are hardwiring our evaluation in the sense I'm looking at specific keywords, I'm looking at emphasis, then I need to really allow the student to also understand what am I looking at? So when I ask them the question, I give them tips that you must include or address these topics, or at least include how empathetic you felt. What was your approach? So cover your approach while you were talking about, uh, you know, how do you like to, for example, teach a new skill to somebody, which is a question that we offer. Then you need to have that approach in your answer, because this is exactly what I'm evaluating. So when I'm blindsided, I don't know what what you're evaluating, uh, towards. Then I may just say anything that I find relevant. So since it's not open to interpretation and it's very hard wired, I think it's important that I bring those tips in the process. So that is a UI job, which I think I'll work with. Uh rakshita. And we will add those tips in the, in the UI so that when they look at the question, they look at it more clearly. But the evaluation criteria sits one hundred percent on content in all the questions, because I have a another agent which is doing the evaluation of sentiment and sincerity. Uh, and it is doing thirty percent of, of the, uh, you know, uh, weightage. Anyways, so the division is very clear. So all of these are not really required at this stage, like this sentiment checker, which is sixty percent points is not really required. My focus has to be one hundred percent that, uh, teaching experience. Uh, we have uh, yeah. Again, the same question everything sits into the content is one hundred percent. And we will give the tips on every question. So that's easy. Handling difficult situation mentoring goals. Yeah. So behavior analysis which is agent number five gets a forty percent or a thirty percent. We need to decide whether we keep seventy thirty or sixty forty uh depending again on the pass rate. Basically uh, I think we can stick to seventy over thirty. So, you know, seventy percent and thirty percent on the behavior analysis. Okay. Um, so the the content is good and the behavior is, is is a bit bleak. And we will probably, uh, you know, uh, it's a borderline call if the, if they really covered everything correctly correctly, it's just that the confidence level is low. I think we already are developing quite detailed and, uh, in-depth, uh, training modules to give a standardized experience to the student. So the disclaimers to everything will be pretty standardized. So every time I connect to a new mentor, I know what to expect. Every mentor has a very standardized experience, uh, that they provide. So honesty is important. What do I actually quote if I'm giving you an opinion. So we'll train those students against those things. Uh, which is part of the, you know, the training module. So I think seventy over thirty is fair. Uh, this is where I need to evaluate emotional consistency, confidence level, stress indicators, authenticity, clarity, which is your own, uh, sounds that you mentioned about as an agent evaluating it. Basically, it has to be the the weightage of cumulative weightage is thirty percent between these factors. So one two three four five six. Yeah. So five percent. Uh, time six is how you get a simple calculation. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So okay we can do that. And we'll see what kind of results do we get out of that. And then decision aggregation of course uh, is the final score. So that needs to be revisited in the sense how we've, you know, done the above. Uh, yeah. So red flag system identity failure basically. That's an escalation. Okay. That's where the human in the loop gets into the picture. The identity is not verified. But if everything else is okay, then I don't need all of this. Uh, this is this is important. Multiple phases in the video. So if the same person is not, uh, in the video. Yeah, that, of course, is a is a failure. So again, this is human in the loop. Okay. Got it. Sorry. Many multiple phases in the video in the sense what is multiple phases like is it like that there were people behind me or is it instead of me? There was somebody else who was giving the interview, answering the second question, what is, uh, multi video in the video frame? There are multiple phases that has been detected, like a group, uh, sitting together maybe, or someone in behind guiding or something. But that should not be really a problem. In that case, if this is only identifying multiple people Well, okay. Insane. Then that's okay. It's only if the speaker. Yeah. Is is different in different videos. Yeah. I think for that we are already evaluating like comparing our profile pic with the video to verify the person who has, uh, whose profile pic is there is the one who is giving the interviews. So yeah. So so yeah. So that's why I think we have made the modification of doing the camera test, I think against that picture, you can check any frame if it's the same person. Right. So it sort of serves the job. You know I think this is technically, uh, you're technically comparing with agent once. Camera check pic. So so you know that it's the same person. Uh, so I think that's the only only place where. That's the only place where, you know, human in the loop needs to be brought in, either identity failure or there's a, uh, there's not a the same, same speaker who's given the interview. Those are the only two big, big, uh, red flags I've used blaming word negative words. It really depends in what context. At times you don't apply your head in that. Right. So I may have used it very appropriately. I may have used the word to not use negative words. Okay. And so there can be errors in interpretation in that way. So I don't think these are these are important basically okay okay okay okay. Makes sense. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah okay. Um There is no threshold required. We can highlight this. Uh. What is. Confidence. Inconsistent response. Contradictory. So that goes in the. That goes within the content. Content. So we look at content percentage again. Scoring summary. Which is okay. Uh. Again we can allow to, uh, Behavioral analysis and and ID check and content. This is identity check does not have any, uh, content evaluation seventy percent and thirty percent okay. So we'll use that for for components, uh, question levels for individual question. Uh, I think the threshold is one must score, uh, you know, at least sixty percent in each question. Okay. How it how it does seventy. Let's see with sixty percent how it does. And uh, I will try different maybe a couple of interviews to say what is sixty percent really means. And we can we can only have to change this in that case. So we'll figure it out. What is a good question. Answer what is not a good answer. So then we can And the final decision is clear. So as long as somebody falls, I think seventy five. As long as seventy five. The voltage is between only content and or and or behavior. So the total ninety five percent of of uh, you can make it pass. Let's call it seventy for now. Uh, and and we can fail it and we'll revisit this. So only these two thresholds will need to revisit later. Okay. So for the final decision for needs to be done. So I think I'll try and sort of bring in a few good people and ask them to to do an interview and see what others think. Okay. Got it. So yeah. So basically that so how are you evaluating, uh, the behavior we understood five percent to all these content and the content. How you evaluating content uh, in in the question. So keywords, uh, is We don't want sentiment here. Okay. Got it. Yeah. Understood that. Right. So you don't want to separate this content? This is okay. I think your your these are these are absolutely fine. Okay. I got it. So how are you dividing the data between these four points. Okay. So you put forty points and four points basically. Is it ten ten ten, ten each or how does it work? Uh, I think it's ten ten each right now. Okay. Yeah. So question one specific university name field of study pass. Both university and field mentioned fail. So basically twenty twenty right now. Right. That's how you're doing it. Right. For uh, field of study and specific university number. Yeah. So so in this case, uh question one only has this criteria. Yeah. So basically if this is, uh, one hundred and fifty fifty to each. No. Actually not. This is the correct criteria. So if if they mention both only, then they get one hundred. If they don't, then they get a zero. Basically we need to mention both. Okay. So this is fine. Uh, in in question number two, what motivated you mission help guide black. You know these are these are important student focus emphasize on helping others not pursue benefits. Uh, okay. So if we look at it and pass or fail if. Yeah, uh. Um. I'll give it fifty fifty. Why is it so I want to I also want to make money. Why do I not emphasize on social benefits? I would say it's a it's an absolute respectable job. Okay. And I want to do this. It is respectable. I don't think this is important. Basically I'm giving a score of fifty and fifty here. So if I'm very, extremely focused okay, I can evaluate that. But even if I talk about, uh, talking about, uh, uh, benefit from a professional engagement. Absolutely. Everybody wants to make money. I'm doing it for helping the patient. They're lying to you? Of course. Everybody's doing it for money. So why not? Uh, describe a time when you have someone learn something new. So story structure is good. Uh, empty words. Good. Uh, pass it clear structure. Words fail. Basic structure. Or so that, uh, the. The. Voice is breaking, and it's very low. Sorry, sorry sorry sorry, sorry. I just put my feet on the microphone like my my knee touches the microphone. Is it okay now? Yeah. Yeah. So the idea so the idea is that if I am, uh, you know, storytelling and empathy keywords are two different weightages. I can't just fail somebody. I have to give it fifty percent weightage to storytelling and fifty percent weightage to empathy and keywords. Okay. Yeah. Uh, handling difficult situations, uh, evaluation criteria, positive actions. Uh, same again, I think, uh, fifty fifty is the response if I'm blaming the student, I'm not talking about solutions. Uh, it's not a good idea. So that's, that's that's absolutely okay. But it's fifty fifty weightage, not the okay, uh, mentoring goals, uh, action oriented world and specific actions. What are your goals as a mentor? How would you plan to achieve them? Action. Uh. I would be. I doubt if people will cover it, but okay, since you're going to give them the tips, let's do it again. Okay. And it comes across okay. Perfect. So I think that covers the the entire explanation. And uh, if you have any questions, just, uh, just quickly if you can save this PDF, see if it is. Yeah, I will I'll give it to you as it is. I'm giving it to forward it to you first. Okay. So I'll quickly write in the first one also. So thank you Brian. I mean check plus profile picture check with the. It was along with this number one mean. Check. Uh, profile pic plus. Video, uh, video screenshot or or the camera test. Whatever. Camera test. Picture. Uh. And bring the human in the loop in case, uh, verification fails. But exam, uh, the interview period. I think. Okay, okay. Normal videos. Actually, you can give them a standard statement that they should read if you're able to transcribe it as the statement is, I think, which means the voice is clear. Transcription is happening clearly, which means everything is fine. Is that okay? I think that's a better idea. Right, right. And we don't have to do it for each video. Right at the. Exactly. Okay. Yeah. Makes sense. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So? So we just ask them to do it once. Right. Right. And we can give them a note, you know, notification that you need to finish all five answers in one sitting. You just can't skip it in between. Right. So you do a testing right now and just stay in that position. Basically make sure the device you're using does not get disconnected. Is not connected to your, uh. Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah. Put it on D and D or or, you know, no disturb because you don't want to receive a call in between the interview. So we can do that. Write this down that we can we can put that in the in the important tips for them. So they're using their mobile phone at least. Yeah. So we'll give them a clear instruction. But yeah that's a good idea. We give them a standard statement to read and we just match the transcription quality and the video quality against it. If you're able to transcribe because I don't think it is important if the brightness is good, all of that is okay as long as the picture that I've taken matches and agent one can test it if the same guy is there or not. Right. And just quickly do that job. So that makes sense. Yeah. So I'm going to send this. To you. One second. Yeah. So. Perfect. So you have that file just checked. If this is, you know, you got all the notes on it, I can. Okay. WhatsApp. Or. WhatsApp. Are you sure that's the best solution? I think on this. We can go. Directions. Okay. Okay. All right. Yeah. Bye. Thanks. Bye.